and Elijah the Tishbite of the
and Elijah the Tishbite of the inhabitants of Gilead said to Ahab as
inhabitants of Gilead said to Ahab as
inhabitants of Gilead said to Ahab as the Lord God of Israel lives before whom
the Lord God of Israel lives before whom
the Lord God of Israel lives before whom I stand there shall not be do nor rain
I stand there shall not be do nor rain
I stand there shall not be do nor rain these years accepted my word then the
these years accepted my word then the
these years accepted my word then the word of the Lord came to him get away
word of the Lord came to him get away
word of the Lord came to him get away from here and turn eastward and hide by
from here and turn eastward and hide by
from here and turn eastward and hide by the brook tirith which flows into the
the brook tirith which flows into the
the brook tirith which flows into the Jordan and it will be that you shall
Jordan and it will be that you shall
Jordan and it will be that you shall drink from the brook and I have
drink from the brook and I have
drink from the brook and I have commanded the Ravens to feed you there
so he went and did according to the word
so he went and did according to the word of the law for he went and stayed by the
of the law for he went and stayed by the
of the law for he went and stayed by the brook Tirith which flows into the job
the raven has brought him bread and meat
the raven has brought him bread and meat in the morning and bread and meat in the
in the morning and bread and meat in the
in the morning and bread and meat in the evening and he drank from the brook and
evening and he drank from the brook and
evening and he drank from the brook and it happened after a while that the brook
it happened after a while that the brook
it happened after a while that the brook dried up because there had been no rain
dried up because there had been no rain
dried up because there had been no rain in the land then the word of the Lord
in the land then the word of the Lord
in the land then the word of the Lord came to him
came to him
came to him arise go to Zarephath which belongs to
arise go to Zarephath which belongs to
arise go to Zarephath which belongs to Sidon and dwell there see I have
Sidon and dwell there see I have
Sidon and dwell there see I have commanded a widow there to provide for
commanded a widow there to provide for
commanded a widow there to provide for you so he rose went to Zarephath and
you so he rose went to Zarephath and
you so he rose went to Zarephath and when he came to the gate of the city
when he came to the gate of the city
when he came to the gate of the city indeed a widow was there gathering
indeed a widow was there gathering
indeed a widow was there gathering sticks and he called to her please bring
sticks and he called to her please bring
sticks and he called to her please bring me a little water in a cup I may drink
me a little water in a cup I may drink
me a little water in a cup I may drink and as she was going to get it he called
and as she was going to get it he called
and as she was going to get it he called to her please bring me a morsel of bread
to her please bring me a morsel of bread
to her please bring me a morsel of bread in your hand as the Lord your God lives
in your hand as the Lord your God lives
in your hand as the Lord your God lives I do not have bread only a handful of
I do not have bread only a handful of
I do not have bread only a handful of flour in a bin and a little oil in a jar
flour in a bin and a little oil in a jar
flour in a bin and a little oil in a jar and see I am gathering a couple of
and see I am gathering a couple of
and see I am gathering a couple of sticks but I may go in and prepare it
sticks but I may go in and prepare it
sticks but I may go in and prepare it for myself and my son that we may eat it
do not fear go and do was you upset but
do not fear go and do was you upset but make me a small cake from it first and
make me a small cake from it first and
make me a small cake from it first and bring it to me and afterward make some
bring it to me and afterward make some
bring it to me and afterward make some for yourself and your son for thus says
for yourself and your son for thus says
for yourself and your son for thus says the Lord God of Israel then a flower
the Lord God of Israel then a flower
the Lord God of Israel then a flower shall not be used up nor show the jar of
shall not be used up nor show the jar of
shall not be used up nor show the jar of oil run dry until the day the Lord sends
oil run dry until the day the Lord sends
oil run dry until the day the Lord sends rain on the earth
rain on the earth
rain on the earth so she went away and did according to
so she went away and did according to
so she went away and did according to the word of Elijah and she and he and
the word of Elijah and she and he and
the word of Elijah and she and he and her household ate for many days the bin
her household ate for many days the bin
her household ate for many days the bin of flour was not used up nor did the jar
of flour was not used up nor did the jar
of flour was not used up nor did the jar of oil run dry according to the word of
of oil run dry according to the word of
of oil run dry according to the word of the Lord which he spoke by Elijah now it
the Lord which he spoke by Elijah now it
the Lord which he spoke by Elijah now it happened after these things that the son
happened after these things that the son
happened after these things that the son of the woman who owned the house became
of the woman who owned the house became
of the woman who owned the house became sick and his sickness was so serious
sick and his sickness was so serious
sick and his sickness was so serious that there was no breath left in him so
that there was no breath left in him so
that there was no breath left in him so she said to Elijah have you come to me
she said to Elijah have you come to me
she said to Elijah have you come to me to bring my sin to remembrance and to
to bring my sin to remembrance and to
to bring my sin to remembrance and to kill my son give me your son so he took
kill my son give me your son so he took
kill my son give me your son so he took him out of her arms and carried him to
him out of her arms and carried him to
him out of her arms and carried him to the upper room where he was staying and
laid him on his own bed then he cried
laid him on his own bed then he cried out to the Lord O Lord my god
out to the Lord O Lord my god
out to the Lord O Lord my god have you also brought tragedy on the
have you also brought tragedy on the
have you also brought tragedy on the widow with whom I loved her killing her
widow with whom I loved her killing her
widow with whom I loved her killing her son and he stretched himself out on the
son and he stretched himself out on the
son and he stretched himself out on the child three times and cried out to the
child three times and cried out to the
child three times and cried out to the Lord my god
Lord my god
Lord my god let this child saw combat him then the
let this child saw combat him then the
let this child saw combat him then the Lord heard the voice of Elijah and the
Lord heard the voice of Elijah and the
Lord heard the voice of Elijah and the soul of the child came back to him and
soul of the child came back to him and
soul of the child came back to him and he revived and Elijah took the child and
he revived and Elijah took the child and
he revived and Elijah took the child and brought him down from the Upper Room
brought him down from the Upper Room
brought him down from the Upper Room into the house and gave him to his
into the house and gave him to his
into the house and gave him to his mother see your son lives know by this I
mother see your son lives know by this I
mother see your son lives know by this I know that you are a man of God and that
know that you are a man of God and that
know that you are a man of God and that the word of the Lord in your mouth is
the word of the Lord in your mouth is
the word of the Lord in your mouth is the truth
the truth
the truth [Music]